# Aetherium

Frame work for sorting images generated by AI to make it easier to track parameters and how they affect the outcome.

## Setup

```
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate

```

The application runs on: `http://127.0.0.1:5000/`

## Future Development

### Feature Ideas

* Ability to create galleries from the application itself.

* More detailed README with use instructions.

* Ability to filter by excluding tags.

* Pagination.

* Cookie options for quicker image retrieval.

* Package application into an executable.

### Refactoring

* Combine the JS for the submit page to mirror gallery structure.

* Store full name of Models & LoRAs and utilize a dict in config to change what text is displayed on the application.

  * *This would allow for an easier and more consistent method for renaming.*

* Consistent style for naming JSON keys.

* Create and utilize JSON keys in config rather than writing them out.

* Find overlap between the tag JS in gallery/submit.

### Enhancement

* Separate box to add tags when utilizing the "Quick Submit" form.

* Update images to utilize mason style rather than stretching or blank spaces.

  * *Possible using columns, but this messes up ordering. Another solution needed.*

* Refresh when rankings are changed.

  * *This would need to be on the client side to avoid excessive rewriting. Better solution may be possible once DB implemented.*

* Refresh when images submitted.

  * *Currently omitted because you are not on the gallery page when submitting images and thus this causes unneeded overhead. Could be improved by making Gallery tab refresh every time it's accessed, but still causes excess overhead.*

### Optimization

* Filters could toggle visibility rather than changing the actual list.
